Louisiana beer reviews gross gross of
the Netherlands was introduced in 1613
it's 5% alcohol like Budweiser this beer
gets an average rating on all your big
websites Beer Advocate rapier the beer
me they all give it an average floor I
had it once before in 2010 and I really
liked it but somebody pointed out that I
had never reviewed it I thought I had
but when I checked my records I realized
in fact I had not here's some lunch with
it
shrimp taco box and a biscuit and some
mashed potatoes from Popeyes then I
realize it's Friday and lint when am I
getting mashed potatoes with gravy for
some have to eat that later all right
let's pop this open
well I really popped look at all that
smoke coming out of it
whoo how about that this is only about
whoops guess I had it in the freezer too
long you nineties loggers are you want
to get them really good and cold
well it's only 15.2 ounce ounces this
bottle Nina says ale in Texas well it's
not even above 5% alcohol so what does
Texas is uh alcohol law it makes no
sense thick white head a golden clear
golden appearance with some bubbles
streaming up scored the smell smells
like really nice barley and sweet you
know sweet barley malt clean water and a
little bit of hops biscuit bread it
smells great let's go with the taste
well it's not skunked you always have to
worry about in a green bottle situation
or a clear bottle well I really just
taste sweet this good hoppiness they're
medium bodied well-liked body really low
I said medium bodied the finish is crisp
and clean and refreshing and drive but
not as dry as American adjunct lager
now have tartar sauce and cocktail sauce
with each shrimp or as they say in some
parts of New Orleans
you swim I know it's gonna go well with
this
it does
so
butt-ass to think - I think gross is
just average a new David Coulter on his
beer review said he thought it was just
average a C+ actually high average but
and I admit I'm probably too easy to
please Roma's so nice
I don't see anything wrong with this
beer the only thing I see with this beer
is good I'm gonna go with an a-minus and
I'm probably just intimidated to say a -
instead of what I'm really thinking but
it's at least in a - I think gross gross
just an excellent beer and I love this
kind of stuff so lazy and a bong timer
relay to me this is an excellent beer
you know my interest review by saying
God come on down to Louisiana and go to
a Louisiana State University baseball
game